collapsar-alevel-cs.md, before:

# Collapsar-ALevel-CS

## Collapsar - ALevel Computer Science

**Chapter 01 Information Representation**

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation.html)

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation.html)

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C1-information.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 02 Communication and networking technology**

[Chapter 02 - Communication and networking technology PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies.html)

[Chapter 02 - Communication and networking technology Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies.html)

**Chapter 03 Hardware**

[Chapter 03 - Hardware PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware.html)

[Chapter 03 - Hardware Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware.html)

**Chapter 04 Logic gates and logic circuits**

[Chapter 04 - Logic gates and logic circuits PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits.html)

[Chapter 04 - Logic gates and logic circuits Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits.html)

**Chapter 05 Processor Fundamentals**

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals.html)

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals.html)

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C5-Processor.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 06 Assembly language programming**

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming.html)

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming.html)

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C6-Assembly.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 07 Monitoring and control systems**

[Chapter 07 - Monitoring and control systems PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems.html)

[Chapter 07 - Monitoring and control systems Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems.html)

**Chapter 08 System software**

[Chapter 08 - System software PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software.html)

[Chapter 08 - System software Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software.html)

**Chapter 09 Security privacy and data integrity**

[Chapter 09 - Security privacy and data integrity PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity.html)

[Chapter 09 - Security privacy and data integrity Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity.html)

**Chapter 10 Ethics and ownership**

[Chapter 10 - Ethics and ownership PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership.html)

[Chapter 10 - Ethics and ownership Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership.html)

**Chapter 11 Database**

[Chapter 11 - Database PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database.html)

[Chapter 11 - Database Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database.html)

[Chapter 11 - Database Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C11-Database.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 12 Algorithm design and problem-solving**

[Chapter 12 - Algorithm design and problem-solving PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving.html)

[Chapter 12 - Algorithm design and problem-solving Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving.html)

**Chapter 13 Data types and structures**

[Chapter 13 - Data types and structures PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures.html)

[Chapter 13 - Data types and structures Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures.html)

**Chapter 16 Data Representation**

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation.html)

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation.html)

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet-C16-Data.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 17 Communication and Internet technologies**

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies.html)

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies.html)

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet-C17-Netowrk.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 18 Hardware and virtual machines**

[Chapter 18 - Hardware and virtual machines PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines.html)

[Chapter 18 - Hardware and virtual machines Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines.html)

**Chapter 19 Logic circuits and Boolean algebra**

[Chapter 19 - Logic circuits and Boolean algebra PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra.html)

[Chapter 19 - Logic circuits and Boolean algebra Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra.html)

**Chapter 20 System Software**

[Chapter 20 - System Software PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software.html)

[Chapter 20 - System Software Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software.html)

**Chapter 21 Security**

[Chapter 21 - Security PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security.html)

[Chapter 21 - Security Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security.html)

**Chapter 22 Artificial Intelligence**

[Chapter 22 - Artificial Intelligence PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence.html)

[Chapter 22 - Artificial Intelligence Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence.html)

**Chapter 23 Algorithm**

[Chapter 23 - Algorithm PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Algorithm Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Orderd Linked List Animations PPT](https://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms/linked\_list\_orderd.pptx)

[Chapter 23 - Sort Algorithm Summary PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Sort Algorithm Summary HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms.html)

**Chapter 24 Recursion**

[Chapter 24 - Recursion PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion.html)

[Chapter 24 - Recursion Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion.html)

**Chapter 25 Programming-paradigms**

[Chapter 25 - Programming-paradigms PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms.html)

[Chapter 25 - Programming-paradigms Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms.html)

**Chapter 26 File processing and exception handling**

[Chapter 26 - File processing and exception handling PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling.html)

[Chapter 26 - File processing and exception handling Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling.html)

**Chapter 27 Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)**

[Chapter 27 - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP.html)

[Chapter 27 - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP.html)

**Cheatsheet**

[Cheatsheet Summary P1](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet.drawio.pdf)

[Cheatsheet Summary P3](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet.drawio.pdf)

#### PPT 使用快捷键

* Page: ↑/↓/←/→ Space Home End
* Fullscreen: F
* Overview: -/+
* Speaker Note: N
* Grid Background: Enter
* Speak Mode: ?mode=speaker

Commit message:

GitBook: [#73] update alevel cheatsheet chapter 02 18

collapsar-alevel-cs.md, after:

# Collapsar-ALevel-CS

## Collapsar - ALevel Computer Science

**Chapter 01 Information Representation**

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation.html)

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-01-Information-Representation.html)

[Course 01 - Chapter 01 Information Representation Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C1-information.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 02 Communication and networking technology**

[Chapter 02 - Communication and networking technology PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies.html)

[Chapter 02 - Communication and networking technology Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-02-Communication-and-networking-technologies.html)

[Chapter 02 - Communication and networking technology Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C2-Network.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 03 Hardware**

[Chapter 03 - Hardware PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware.html)

[Chapter 03 - Hardware Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-03-Hardware.html)

**Chapter 04 Logic gates and logic circuits**

[Chapter 04 - Logic gates and logic circuits PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits.html)

[Chapter 04 - Logic gates and logic circuits Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-04-Logic-gates-and-logic-circuits.html)

**Chapter 05 Processor Fundamentals**

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals.html)

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-05-Processor-Fundamentals.html)

[Chapter 05 - Processor Fundamentals Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C5-Processor.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 06 Assembly language programming**

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming.html)

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-06-Assembly-language-programming.html)

[Chapter 06 - Assembly language programming Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C6-Assembly.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 07 Monitoring and control systems**

[Chapter 07 - Monitoring and control systems PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems.html)

[Chapter 07 - Monitoring and control systems Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-07-Monitoring-and-control-systems.html)

**Chapter 08 System software**

[Chapter 08 - System software PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software.html)

[Chapter 08 - System software Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-08-System-software.html)

**Chapter 09 Security privacy and data integrity**

[Chapter 09 - Security privacy and data integrity PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity.html)

[Chapter 09 - Security privacy and data integrity Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-09-Security-privacy-and-data-integrity.html)

**Chapter 10 Ethics and ownership**

[Chapter 10 - Ethics and ownership PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership.html)

[Chapter 10 - Ethics and ownership Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-10-Ethics-and-ownership.html)

**Chapter 11 Database**

[Chapter 11 - Database PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database.html)

[Chapter 11 - Database Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-11-Database.html)

[Chapter 11 - Database Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet-C11-Database.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 12 Algorithm design and problem-solving**

[Chapter 12 - Algorithm design and problem-solving PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving.html)

[Chapter 12 - Algorithm design and problem-solving Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-12-Algorithm-design-and-problem-solving.html)

**Chapter 13 Data types and structures**

[Chapter 13 - Data types and structures PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures.html)

[Chapter 13 - Data types and structures Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-13-Data-types-and-structures.html)

**Chapter 16 Data Representation**

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation.html)

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-16-Data-Representation.html)

[Course 16 - Chapter 16 Data Representation Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet-C16-Data.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 17 Communication and Internet technologies**

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies.html)

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-17-Communication-and-Internet-technologies.html)

[Chapter 17 - Communication and Internet technologies Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet-C17-Netowrk.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 18 Hardware and virtual machines**

[Chapter 18 - Hardware and virtual machines PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines.html)

[Chapter 18 - Hardware and virtual machines Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-18-Hardware-and-virtual-machines.html)

[Chapter 18 - Hardware and virtual machines Cheatsheet](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet-C18-Hardware.drawio.pdf)

**Chapter 19 Logic circuits and Boolean algebra**

[Chapter 19 - Logic circuits and Boolean algebra PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra.html)

[Chapter 19 - Logic circuits and Boolean algebra Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-19%E2%80%93Logic-circuits-and-Boolean-algebra.html)

**Chapter 20 System Software**

[Chapter 20 - System Software PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software.html)

[Chapter 20 - System Software Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-20-System-Software.html)

**Chapter 21 Security**

[Chapter 21 - Security PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security.html)

[Chapter 21 - Security Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-21-Security.html)

**Chapter 22 Artificial Intelligence**

[Chapter 22 - Artificial Intelligence PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence.html)

[Chapter 22 - Artificial Intelligence Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-22-Artificial-Intelligence.html)

**Chapter 23 Algorithm**

[Chapter 23 - Algorithm PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Algorithm Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Orderd Linked List Animations PPT](https://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-23-Algorithms/linked\_list\_orderd.pptx)

[Chapter 23 - Sort Algorithm Summary PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms.html)

[Chapter 23 - Sort Algorithm Summary HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Supplementary-01-Sort-Algorithms.html)

**Chapter 24 Recursion**

[Chapter 24 - Recursion PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion.html)

[Chapter 24 - Recursion Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-24-Recursion.html)

**Chapter 25 Programming-paradigms**

[Chapter 25 - Programming-paradigms PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms.html)

[Chapter 25 - Programming-paradigms Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-25-Programming-paradigms.html)

**Chapter 26 File processing and exception handling**

[Chapter 26 - File processing and exception handling PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling.html)

[Chapter 26 - File processing and exception handling Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-26-File-processing-and-exception-handling.html)

**Chapter 27 Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)**

[Chapter 27 - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) PPT](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP.html)

[Chapter 27 - Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Markdown HTML](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/ALevel-CS-Chapter-27-Object-Oriented-Programming-OOP.html)

**Cheatsheet**

[Cheatsheet Summary P1](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P1-cheatsheet.drawio.pdf)

[Cheatsheet Summary P3](http://ppt.yuketang.net/alevel/cheatsheet/ALevel-P3-cheatsheet.drawio.pdf)

#### PPT 使用快捷键

* Page: ↑/↓/←/→ Space Home End
* Fullscreen: F
* Overview: -/+
* Speaker Note: N
* Grid Background: Enter
* Speak Mode: ?mode=speaker
